In this exercise, please setup
at least one meeting with someone that you know
that is a successful saver, meaning a friend
or a relative or a mentor or someone at work
that is great at saving money.
And in hind sight, I wish I did this
with my grandfather, God bless him,
as he figured out how to live well
based on only an annual $9,000 pension
in Canada that he lived on
for the last four years of his life.
When you setup this meeting, I want you to ask
for five pieces of advice on how to save money.
And then what I want you to do
is to open up your complete
personal finance dashboard Excel documents
and complete exercise number five here
called save money meeting.
And per this video here of this spreadsheet,
simply enter in the five pieces of advice
that they gave you, and then comment
on how you can potentially adopt this strategy.
And, if you can, and if you're very determined
to save a lot, then setup more meetings,
not just one.
And lastly, when you meet with this person,
ask them about tax savings as well
in the country that you live in.
And, if you learn great money savings advice
from these people that you meet with,
that is not discussed in this course,
then please, please, please, please
go back to exercise number three
and update your new and improved income statement
based on their money saving tips.
Thank you.